//https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQ5IXrU0T6bpXo4rvcaAwDosNeNiZAY5HQWPKEVhl_fi4SpNZFGqbr3eCGPCqscnd4_ojGmZOgxMYCI/pub?fbclid=IwAR0dhJkE2p1EqszI3MfZjmPfcRQpqkM3oSYsWV4qqBKU9TlzAhsN_9aobXI

BUET CSE FEST 2022

HACKATHON
~API PROBLEM STATEMENT~









Scenario
It won’t be wrong to guess that you have already heard about digital home assistant softwares that are built into Google Nest, Amazon’s Echo or Apple’s Homepod. These softwares can respond to your voice commands to do things for you such as answering questions or control networked home appliances. Using your home Internet network, a home assistant can adjust lights, heat, garage doors, play music, and search the Internet.

In this hackathon, you will have to build a smart Home Assistant Software which can communicate with the user and execute tasks accordingly. 

Phase-1
Firstly we will suggest you to start with simpler tasks. You should implement and test these simple functionalities separately and integrate them later.

Your home assistant needs to be able to communicate over voice commands i.e. it has to recognize voice commands and also be able to respond via speech.
After that, add a music recommendation feature. The user will speak out  genre/artist/track name and ask for music suggestions. Your system will search music with that text using a music streaming API and show the results or play music of the user's choice.
Apart from music, your home assistant should be able to parse top news circulating in the area of the user. You should use suitable API(s) for this purpose.

Phase-2
After you are done with the basic features, you can move on to integrate all the features to make up an end to end system.

Now, add a search feature in your home assistant with which the user can search for anything and your system will come up with search results from the internet.

Finally add an advanced feature - route planning. Your system will generate an efficient route using the source and destination place provided by the user. What services can you use to perform this task?


Phase-3
All this time you have consumed external APIs. Now it’s time to write one yourself. Add a note-taking feature in your home assistant! The user will speak out relevant points which he wants to keep as notes. Next the user might want to integrate other applications they use to consume these notes that they take. So you need to expose user notes through an API so that anyone can use or extend your home assistant by simply making a request. Make sure you add proper authentication so only intended users can access it. You should maintain the best practices (e.g. rate limiting, versioning, caching) while exposing your API.

Feel free to add features that might better improve your system. You’ll receive additional points if you come up with creative features and can use relevant API or Cloud Services to solve them!

When you are done with everything, deploy your system on a public server for the final task.




General Instructions


These are some general instructions for participants of any segment:

Participants will need to start a new Github repository onsite and submit it at the end of the competition.
The project must be developed on the day of the Hackathon. Any project which was developed (even partially) in advance will not be accepted.
If participants choose to use publicly available code, then they must properly attribute the source.
Unless otherwise specified, participants can choose their own tech stack.

Any unfair attempts, misbehavior or breach of terms will result in disqualification. The organizers reserve the right to make final decisions. Participants will be notified if there is notable modification in existing rules.

